this video may contain content some view
as offensive if you are easily offended
i highly recommend not watching this
video so you may or may not know about
this interpreting Melanie Murphy she has
just over 400,000 subscribers congrats I
guess you're in the vegan community you
might know she is cuz a lot of vegans
like few months ago made a video about
her because she was following a
plant-based diet for a bit and then
jumped off and made up some like [ __ ]
excuses on why it was just but anyway
yeah I had watched those videos but this
video showed up on a recommended section
called what a 8 plant-based edition food
diary friday i had clicked on this
because it's a plant-based edition in
the title i was like oh maybe she's
trying out a plant-based diet again so i
just thought that i would like to show
you this clip cuz I literally started
laughing when she said this because of
how [ __ ] idiotic get wise I've told
you guys about this before I kind of
tend to eat palm face maybe for like
maybe three four days every week don't
you worry I'm still an ethical omnivore
and I'm very happy to be ethical
omnivore ethical omnivore
I go omnivore
ethical omnivore
go omnivore omnivore
go omnivore
go on the door ethical omnivore omnivore
ethical omnivore um so if you did not
hear that she said that she is still an
ethical omnivore and she's very happy to
be an ethical omnivore just that term
alone ethical omnivore it's so idiotic
what I think she means by this is that
like okay well she said she eats
plant-based most days of the week which
is a good start but she used to fully
plant-based and now she's only doing it
like a couple times a week I'm assuming
she's not doing it for like the ethics
considering she's not even like fully
plant-based and she's only doing a
couple days a week what I think she
means by this ethical omnivore is that
she follows the typical [ __ ] like
free-range grass-fed humanely raised me
you know like that's all [ __ ] they
literally do that just to make you feel
good about your bad choices like it's
not okay there's nothing ethical about
that and we're happy akin we're happy
Hey mmm see was that pig ethically
killed did you epically exploit those
chickens and take away their eggs Oh
were these turkeys ethically killed what
about these like a vegetarian meat
substitute but it's not vegan because it
has got egg in it free range egg see it
has egg but you know it's automatically
okay because it's free range ethical
omnivore
Oh